I mean like you audience, I love to
code. We all love to code. But sometimes
there's something that will go on the
backlog and you will not be given time
to do it.
>> Ben, take one mark.
>> Hey there, I'm Ben and I'm a product
engineer and content creator at Warp. I
spent a lot of my time working on the
desktop notifications and status
management side of Warp, which is kind
of the secret sauce because Warp's a
desktop app. It can notify you when an
agent's done or it's blocked and it
needs code review so you can jump back
in and get into the flow. And that
really helps you work on multiple agent
tasks at the same time.
I want you to find the PR where we added
the keyboard shortcut to the UDI input
and I want you to revert that for me. I
like to use voice mode just because it's
a little bit faster than typing and we
use whisper flow so it actually formats
it as a nice sentence. I have the PR
number copied to my clipboard here. So,
I'm going to paste that in and I'm just
going to let it run. So, in this tab,
maybe I want to do some gathering of
information in my Google Cloud, for
example. I have the G-Cloud CLI set up
and I never remember how to use it. So,
I'm just going to ask it to do that for
me. What was the most recent Google
Cloud project I created?
Wait for that to process. And I can also
change this to like the CLI command if I
know the name of it. Again, it can
usually feel out what you want to do,
but it's good to add detail if possible.
And you can see it figures out all of
the CLI commands right here. And if I
want some more information, I can just
follow up with it. What is the billing
information for this project? And you
can also see here it pulled from my warp
drive. Because I knew that I'd be
recording a video today, I set up a
little rule to say redact any
information about G-Cloud billing
because I don't want to show that on
camera. So you can see it redacted the
billing account, but it told me yes,
billing is enabled. So now I'm good to
move on. We can still see this one's in
progress. And you can always jump back
to a task to see what's going on. Okay,
good. So it looks like it's reverted.
Now I want to change that keyboard
shortcut to command shift I just to see
how it feels. If you use at context, I
love to do this just to autocomplete the
file path so I don't have to remember
what's the nested directory. It's just
right there. So, I put that in and now
it's going to go off and write a little
bit of code for me. You also get toast
notifications when it's blocked, which
is another feature that I got to work
on. You can see gives you a nice toast
with some details. It tells you that
it's blocked with this little icon.
There's also a keyboard shortcut to jump
straight to it if you want to hop back
and forth efficiently. So, you can see
here it added a new event to this input
rs file. Happen to know that's a pretty
good change. So, I'm going to apply it.
And you can also fast forward if you
want to. I like to keep this off by
default and if I see it's going on the
right track, I hit this button down here
and now it's going to auto accept future
code diffs. So you can review the code
diffs at first and then decide later if
you want to commit and just let it wing
it. All right. So in this other
repository, I'm going to do the same
thing. I want to add a new eval to our
new eval testr runner. Just want it to
be simple. I want it to create a Python
hello world function. And I want to make
sure that the agent creates that program
and outputs hello world to the console.
And if I have some context, I'll throw
it in here. So I know the folder name is
agent mode eval. You can select
directories as well and it'll
autocomplete. It happens to just be a
root level path. We can hop back over
here if we want to see how this task is
doing. Starting at the cargo check
phase. That's another nice little
feature of warp. It knows about all the
CLIs available and it'll decide how am I
going to check my work. Well, I could
use the compiler for example. So, I'm
going to do that. Maybe if it's able to
build or run something, it'll reach for
those CLI commands as well. Okay, so now
it's trying to verify some changes. I'm
going to cut it off because I think this
worked correctly and I can just run the
app on my own if I'm looking to. So,
jump right back in here and I'm going to
say cargo run. And this will spin up our
codebase. I wish cargo compilation times
weren't slower than an entire agent, but
they are. It takes a long time. So, I'm
going to jump over to this task and see
how it's doing. So, we see here it
created a Python hello world. And oo, I
actually wanted this to go in a
different file. So, I'm going to hit
refine and tell it I actually want this
in the code file in the code RS file.
This is where I know we were writing
some code related eval. So, I'm going to
tell it go over there and put the change
there instead. But otherwise, it looked
good to me. So, I'm going to let that
run. Now, we're waiting for our app to
compile. We can hop into our agent mode
as well. If you want to see the entire
outlay of every task that we have
running, you can see this is one we
completed. This is one we canled so we
could run our own command. And this is
one that's currently in progress and
just finished. You can see right here we
added a new test script. That looks
pretty good. Enter AI input mode. Create
a Python Hello World program. That's
great. It's checking that the file
exists and also matches. So that's
pretty good. And I do want it to Okay,
so it's also going to ex execute the
command. That looks great. Okay, so
everything looks good there. I'm going
to close out of that cargo task. And I
could just write the git commands myself
because I've honed in all my aliases.
I'm real fast at it. But I can again
just be a little lazy if I want to make
a new branch for this and commit the
changes.
There we go. and that'll reach for the
git CLI and do the same sort of thing.
And that's pretty much everything. So,
we're able to just hop between tasks
like a product manager. We can also like
hop over to Slack and come back as we're
working on tasks. So, I usually like to
reach for an agent if it's one of those
tasks where like I could make someone's
day in Slack right now if I just tell an
agent to go do this and I know it's
going to take a little bit of code
review, but we're talking minutes
instead of hours. So I feel like I can
actually achieve this and then nerd out
on the code for the things that are on
the product roadmap. So usually when I
do stuff in parallel, it's because I
know we're not going to get buyin for
this. So I'm going to offload this to
someone else. In this case, the claude
agent is really good at that.
[Music]